#### The artifact I decided to improve is the Android mobile inventory app from CS-360 Mobile Architecture and Programming. I chose this artifact because I thought it represented a significant enough challenge that I could show some skill in overcoming. In any case, this artifact is meant to showcase primarily a multifactor authentication feature as well as some other minor additions including improved CRUD operations and aesthetics. The multifactor authentication feature showcases the skills I have developed and the tenacity I’ve acquired through my time in the computer science program. At the end of this effort, I can say that I demonstrated an ability to use well-founded and innovative techniques, skills, and tools in computing practices for the purpose of implementing computer solutions that deliver value and accomplish industry-specific goals. With the implementation of two-factor authentication, I exhibited a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources.
#### This was by no means an easy project to revive and fix, let alone improve upon, so I’m particularly proud of the way the 2FA worked out. I am still far from fluent in Java and SQLite, but thanks to this project I am much more comfortable with both languages and how they can be used in tandem. Additionally, it was important for me to focus on getting the architecture and design piece correct so that everything could fall into place more naturally. I was somewhat right about it being a challenge, and although it may have been a little bit more on the ambitious side of challenging, I stuck with it and got it across the line. Looking forward, this artifact looks to be the hardest in terms of skill level so I’m excited to get it into my ePortfolio and close the book on it so I can move forward.
